for world martin wolf
I invited him to not be the efficient physicist
invisible intellect that does not kill anything to
where are we going to get
have done it has fucking song of
Casey sad for the occasion
that represents your being
and that represents the character
because we have to accept being friends only
or settle for see who's left
work figurase or addy career
l
is thriving electric for a life
head
both
yes wii i have the
way
I already killed him but I take off the blacks
Y
he did not kill me
eta
we should see concentrated
and you love me
a hat saw it 2.0
and then the house
and in everything at once
to
It's a challenge
Typically no way
I'm failing a lot
track
or
they left me
no longer that I have with the shotgun
enabled the line
but do not go
but if you do not do studies
Y
this afternoon in this round view
typical rock wait
no no no
so much
I am converted to all sciences
but not
only the one who steals you
in this way
I want you grenades
but more even
already shot to kill from the box
it's mine
tórrez and thank you all thank you
oh baby
a mother
i
the island is the most overwhelming way
Y
well it says that reach them up
behind
everyday
all of you have already died
etc
to me
and how much was he going to laugh
look what rivetti and mate less today for
Whatever you stole, strike hunger
art better than even the dry dock
erotic and that that silence